NAME
    Para::Frame - Web site framework and application server


DESCRIPTION
    Para::Frame is a system to use for dynamic web sites. It runs as a
    backend daemon taking page requests from a Apache mod_perl client
    and returns a HTTP response.

    The URLs in the site corresponds to templates for displaying
    information. Operations on the data is put in perl modules
    separated from the templates.

    Para::Frame handles multitasking within the process, enabeling you
    to keep your initialized objects in memory with no need to sync
    with the DB for each request.

    The session data lives in memory. No need to save it in an
    external format.

    Para::Frame uses "routes" for planning things to do in a session,
    taking care of which page to display next, depending on form
    actions.  Integrated with exception handling.

    One Para::Frame daemon can handle many sites on the same
    server. It uses the Apache configuration for handling URL to file
    translation.

    You can have any number of Para::Frame daemons running in
    parallell on the same server. Maby using one for development, one
    for the stable version and one backup in case of failure. You can
    easily configure the site to use a backup daemon as a last resort.

    A Watchdog makes sure that the system works. It pings the daemon
    in regular intervals and restarts it if locks up or if the memory
    limit is reached. The restart is done by forking.

    There are tons of useful functions.


DOCUMENTATION
    Far from complete. Don't be afraid of reading the source.


PREREQUISITIES
    Perl v5.6 and Apache with mod_perl. I'm using DBD::Pg but others
    should mosly work.

    This module is the oposite of minimalist. It includes lots of
    other modules. Your experience of installing CPAN modules will
    come to good use.

    Some of the modules can be installed in debian:

    apt-get install libdate-manip-perl libdatetime-perl libdatetime-format-pg-perl libfile-mimeinfo-perl libfile-remove-perl libfile-slurp-perl libfreezethaw-perl libhttp-browserdetect-perl perlmagick libmime-lite-perl libnet-scp-perl libsys-cpuload-perl libtemplate-perl libtest-warn-perl libtext-autoformat-perl libtime-piece-perl libunicode-maputf8-perl libdata-buffer-perl libdigest-md2-perl libsort-versions-perl libclass-errorhandler-perl libconvert-asn1-perl libmodule-build-perl libio-stringy-perl lsof libextutils-cbuilder-perl libdata-dump-perl libberkeleydb-perl libcrypt-des-ede3-perl libcrypt-rijndael-perl libcrypt-blowfish-perl libcrypt-cbc-perl libdbi-perl libproc-processtable-perl libdatetime-set-perl g++

    Template 2.15 has some important bugfixes for 2.14

    Installation of Crypt::OpenPGP can be done in this order:
     1. Math::Pari
     2. Crypt::DSA
     3. Class::Loader
     4. Convert::ASCII::Armour
     5. Crypt::Random
     6. Crypt::Primes
     7. Tie::EncryptedHash
     8. Crypt::RSA
     9. Crypt::IDEA
    10. Crypt::CAST5_PP
    11. Crypt::RIPEMD160
    12. Crypt::Twofish
    13. Crypt::OpenPGP


INSTALL

    You are not meant to install Para::Frame among your Perl
    libraries.  Copy the ditribution to /usr/local/paraframe
    See INSTALL for details.


DEVELOPMENT
    The homepage for Para::Frame is http://frame.para.se/ there you
    can find the developers mailinglist and more background
    information.  Please send any comments to the developer
    mailinglist.


COPYRIGHT
    Copyright (C) 2004-2007 Jonas Liljegren. All Rights Reserved.

    This module is free software; you can redistribute it and/or
    modify it under the same terms as Perl itself.
